Add toggle functionality to CLI (#21)
linusg/rpi-backlight: README.md

## Requirements

> - A **Raspberry Pi or Asus Tinkerboard** including a correctly assembled **7" touch display v1.1 or higher**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A **Raspberry Pi or ASUS Tinker Board** including a correctly assembled **7" touch display v1.1 or higher**
```

  (look on the display's circuit board to see its version) running a Linux-based OS
- Python 3.5+
- Optional: Raspberry Pi: ``pygobject`` for the GUI, already installed on a recent Raspbian

> - Optional: Tinkerboard: ``gir1.2-gtk-3.0`` for the GUI install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optional: Tinker Board: ``gir1.2-gtk-3.0`` for the GUI install
```
